Python programming language
Different programming languages usually dominate an industry (or several) for which they are well suited. But this does not mean that the programmer is restricted to using a strictly defined tool, so any General-purpose language, such as Python, can be used to create anything.
Python was able to capture a small part of the web development market, is sometimes used for writing desktop applications, and, of course, totally dominates the field of machine learning. In addition, it creates a lot of prototypes that allow you to quickly outline the functionality and appearance of the future project.
Origin of the name
The author of the Python language named it after the British Comedy show " Monty Python”, which was popular in the early 1970s.
This TV show allowed the author to relax and distract from the development of the language. However, despite the actual origin of the name, it is more obvious for people to associate Python with the word “snake”. This is also facilitated by the logo, which shows the reptile.
And although the Creator of the language has repeatedly said that the name has nothing to do with snakes, it has not been possible to influence the opinion of society.
Python or Python?
Whether it's the name of a British TV show or the English sound of the word “snake”, Python is correctly pronounced like Python. However, about 80% of the Russian community is used to using the word “Python".
We can't say that it is definitely correct to use one of the options, many names are adapted to the pronunciation of a particular language, and it is very difficult to change the existing habits of society. However, the variant name " Python “is appropriate to use only in conversation with Russian-speaking interlocutors, because at any international conference, the meaning of the word” Python “simply will not be understood, because in English it is not, there is only”Python (Python)".
Logo
The logo shows two snakes forming a square with a convex center, which often misleads users, forcing them to associate the name of the language with a reptile.
The logo was created by the author's brother, Just van Rossum, a programmer and font designer. He developed both the logo design (two snakes) and the Flux Regular text font.
History of creation
The language was developed by a programmer, Guido van Rossum, in the late 1980s.At that time, he was working at the center for mathematics and computer science in the Netherlands.
